# Application overview

  This application server is "Multiple Chat Server". Multiple people can chat using this program.
Each participant set their own nickname. Spaces are not accepted as nicknames like "". Users will know the current number of people in the chat room when they first enter the chat room. This chat program allows participants to perform certain functions by typing in words with a slash symbol(/). These are the functions.
1. "/quit" : If participants enter this, they can leave the chat room. <br>
2. "/help" : If participants enter this, they can see the instructions again. This manual appears the first time you enter the chat room. If you type this word, you can see the description over and over again. <br>
3. "/ch" : If participants enter this, they can change their nickname. Users can't use spaces as nicknames. Also, they can't use their own name or other user's name as a nickname at this time. If an incorrect input is received, the server will print out the relevant instructions and ask if they want to continue changing their nicknames. <br>
4. "/p" : If participants enter this, they can see the number of chat room participants and the nicknames of all users participating in the chat room. This feature lets you whisper to specific nicknames. Whispering is introduced in the following topic. <br>
5. "/w" : If participants enter this, they can use a function called "whispering". Whispering is a function of sending messages to only one person in a chat room. Only the sender and recipient of the message can see the message. The other person can't see the message. Emoji is not available in the Whisper function. Whispering can be sent to users in chat rooms other than an user who wants to sent the secret message. If the server receive an incorrect input, it will print out the relevant instructions and ask the users if they want to re-enter.
6. "/(word)" : (Word) can be "candy or smile or good or love or amaze or sad or angry or sleepy". If participants enter this, they can send emoji related to specific words to chat rooms.
